img2pdf: improve page description and placeholders (#12245)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/img2pdf.md

# img2pdf

> Losslessly convert raster images to a PDF file.
> Some supported image formats are: GIF, JPEG, JPEG2000, PNG, GIF and TIFF.
> More information: <https://gitlab.mister-muffin.de/josch/img2pdf>.

- Convert one or more images to a single PDF, each image being on its own page:

`img2pdf {{path/to/image1.ext path/to/image2.ext ...}} --output {{path/to/file.pdf}}`

- Convert only the first frame of a multi-frame image to PDF:

`img2pdf {{path/to/file.gif}} --first-frame-only --output {{path/to/file.pdf}}`

> - Auto orient the image, use a page size of A4 in landscape mode, and set a border of 2cm horizontally and 5.1cm vertically:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Auto orient the image, use a specific  page size in landscape mode, and set a border of specific sizes horizontally and vertically:
```

> `img2pdf {{path/to/image.ext}} --auto-orient --pagesize A4^T --border 2cm:5.1cm --output {{path/to/file.pdf}}`

Reviewer 2: In my opinion, we should change the description before marking placeholders as non-placeholders in the examples.

```suggestion
`img2pdf {{path/to/image.ext}} --auto-orient --pagesize {{A4^T}} --border {{2cm}}:{{5.1cm}} --output {{path/to/file.pdf}}`
```

Reviewer 2: I too am in favour of a specific example, however, I think that placeholders ought to be marked as such.

> - Shrink only larger images to a 10cm by 15cm rectangle inside a 30x20cm page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Shrink only larger images to a rectangle of specified dimensions inside a specific page:
```

> `img2pdf {{path/to/image.ext}} --pagesize 30cmx20cm --imgsize 10cmx15cm --fit shrink --output {{path/to/file.pdf}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`img2pdf {{path/to/image.ext}} --pagesize {{30cm}}x{{20cm}} --imgsize {{10cm}}x{{15cm}} --fit {{shrink}} --output {{path/to/file.pdf}}`
```

Author: Same as above
